We're walking like in the dolce vita
This time we got it right
We're living like in the dolce vita
Gonna dream tonight
We're dancing like in the dolce vita
With lights and music on
Our love is made in the dolce vita
Nobody else than you
It's our last night
Together with our love again
Another light
Before we drown in darkness
Say you'll never leave me now
Say you gonna love me now
We made it down in the dolce vita
Wipe all your fears away
We lived it like in the dolce vita
A game of yesterday
I'm so alone in the dolce vita
Oh baby telephone
This magic's gone in the dolce vita
Nobody else than you
It's our last night
Together with our love again
Another light
Before we drown in darkness
Say you'll never leave me now
Say you gonna love me
It's our last night
Together with our love again
Another light
Before we drown in darkness
Say you'll never leave me now
Say you gonna love me now
We're walking like in the dolce vita
Gonna dream tonight
We're dancing like in the dolce vita
Nobody else than you
It's our last night
Together with our love again
Another light
Before we'll drown in darkness
Say you'll never leave me now
Say you gonna love me
It's our last night